Add specification for dependency specifiers (#1177)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/specifications/dependency-specifiers.rst

.. _dependency-specifiers:

=====================
Dependency specifiers
=====================

> *Formerly known as PEP 508*
> 
> This document describes the dependency specifiers format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the dependency specifiers format as originally specified
in :pep:`508`.
```

        'sys_platform': sys.platform,
    }

    compiled = makeGrammar(grammar, {'lookup': bindings.__getitem__})
    for test in tests:
        parsed = compiled(test).specification()
        print("%s -> %s" % (test, parsed))

Summary of changes to PEP 508
=============================

The following changes were made based on feedback after its initial
implementation:

- The definition of ``python_version`` was changed from
  ``platform.python_version()[:3]`` to
  ``'.'.join(platform.python_version_tuple()[:2])``, to accommodate potential
  future versions of Python with 2-digit major and minor versions
  (e.g. 3.10). [#future_versions]_

References
==========

.. [#pip] pip, the recommended installer for Python packages
   (http://pip.readthedocs.org/en/stable/)

.. [#parsley] The parsley PEG library.
   (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/parsley/)

The environment markers section in this PEP supersedes the environment markers
section in :pep:`345`.
.. [#future_versions] Future Python versions might be problematic with the
   definition of Environment Marker Variable ``python_version``
   (https://github.com/python/peps/issues/560)

> Restrictions on names for extras is defined in :pep:`685`.

Reviewer: This is important information that shouldn't be lost. Ultimately it should be rolled into the spec, but for now there should at least be a reference to it _somewhere_ in this document.

Author: re-added both in the appropriate places

.. _dependency-specifiers:

=====================
Dependency specifiers
=====================

This document describes the dependency specifiers format as originally specified
in :pep:`508`.

The job of a dependency is to enable tools like pip [#pip]_ to find the right
package to install. Sometimes this is very loose - just specifying a name, and
sometimes very specific - referring to a specific file to install. Sometimes
dependencies are only relevant in one platform, or only some versions are
acceptable, so the language permits describing all these cases.

The language defined is a compact line based format which is already in
widespread use in pip requirements files, though we do not specify the command
line option handling that those files permit. There is one caveat - the
URL reference form, specified in :pep:`440` is not actually
implemented in pip, but since :pep:`440` is accepted, we use that format rather

> than pip's current native format.

Reviewer 2: Hmm... I'm not a big fan of this since "modern" pip defines it as "PEP 508 + extra stuff" but that's for a follow up. :)
